Many documentation changes, corrections etc. (#2475)
hyperledger/iroha: docs/source/configure/torii-tls.rst

such that if you have a key at ``/path/to/server.key`` and a certificate at
``/path/to/server.crt``, you need to specify
``torii_tls_keypair=/path/to/server``

> .. note:: In `example's directory <https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/tree/main/example/torii_tls>`_ are sample certificates, but to enable TLS you need to have certificate for your server (sample from the directory will not work).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: In `the examples directory <https://github.com/hyperledger/iroha/tree/main/example/torii_tls>`_ there are sample certificates, but to enable TLS you need to have a new certificate for your server (the sample will not work).
```
